All right.
So now we are going to see how we can actually start invoking our LM agent over here.
So I'm going to say uh, invoking, uh, LM agents, uh, the AI agents that we have already built.
So the agent is nothing but our GUI that we have already discussed, uh, over here, this particular
agent.
So this is the agent that we need to invoke.
Uh, so I'm going to probably just copy this entire thing.
Look at that.
Just copy pasting again and paste it over here.
So we need the tools.
We don't have the tools binding yet because this is the tool that we created in our last lecture.
We need to import that as well.
So let's do that.
Oops.
Uh over here I'm going to say our tools.
It's actually a tool not even a tool.
So I'm just going to say um, the only one tool which we have got is the bias detection tool.
And I'm going to pass this particular tool over here, that's all.
This is the only tool that we have got.
I'm going to keep everything as it is, and I'm not going to run the extract and the page and check
if there's a bias in the article.
No, no, no, we're not going to do that.
We're not going to check using playwright for doing that operation.
So I'm just going to leave that guy as it is over here.
I don't even need to run the agent this time as well, because that is not over here required.
I just want to create an agent over here.
I want to set the LM, uh, which is fine.
Okay.
But there is one change which I wanted to actually make is the LM over here.
See, because I'm using the LM for a bias detection.
The tool is also using an LM, which is the same LM that we have got.
And there is another LM which is also the same LM for the agent operation.
So two things which is going to be performed for the tool as well as for the agent is going to be the
same.
I'm just going to perform.
And my local LM, I don't think it's going to handle that pretty well.
So instead of doing that, I'm just thinking, what if I use the OpenAI's LM this time for the operation.
I like how we did over here, which was pretty responsive.
So I'm going to use a chat OpenAI LLM this time, which is this one.
And over here we just used the chat OpenAI LLM model.
So I'm just going to probably use that instead of the llms that we have got over there.
So I'm just going to say chat OpenAI.
So LLM two is equal to chat OpenAI LLM which is this one I'm going to pass this LLM to over here.
I think that should be way better as well in order to save some money for the GPT four model is a bit
costly.
So I'm just thinking I'm going to go to the, uh, OpenAI API over here, go to the API platform, uh,
API login, I think I already have logged in there and I'm going to choose the models.
If I go to the pricing over here, you can see that the GPT four is a bit more costly $2.5 if I use
the GPT four mini, probably this is way cheaper, as you can see over here.
So for our operation, GPT four or mini is far enough.
So I'm going to go choose that particular model.
I'm going to paste it over here, which is great.
And now I'm going to run this particular agent with a LM two model over here.
I think that should be fine for the agent operation, which I'm going to be doing.
Amazing.
So this agent is already done over here.
The final operation, which we need to do is to create the the entire data set.
With all these operations, you remember the data set, which needs to be in the structure of what the
ragas can actually handle, which is this kind of data set that we created in our last lecture for all
the documents.
And the question, we'll be doing that in our next lecture.